4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-platforms-android-bake-lightmaps-and-uv-unwrap-on-the-go.md

---
type: entry
section: platforms
subsection: android
rank: 5
importance: 4
anchor: bake-lightmaps-and-uv-unwrap-on-the-go
title: Bake lightmaps and UV unwrap on the go!
text: |
  Baking [lightmaps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightmap) and unwrapping [UVs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UV_mapping) with the Godot Editor is no longer only limited to desktop OSes. You can now do so on your phone or tablet.

>   [If making games on mobile devices is entirely possible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoCWp_oP9Ng), what's preventing you to create the next blockbuster, now?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [If making games on mobile devices is now entirely possible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoCWp_oP9Ng), what’s preventing you from creating the next blockbuster?
```

Reviewer 2: creating
